MTM-62183 sdk env endpoint masks values and trailing slash of endpoints (#2800)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/microservice-sdk/java-bundle/java-troubleshooting.md

This is caused mainly by versions incompatibility between the SDK and Spring Boot specified in your _pom.xml_ file. If you want to use a recent version of the SDK, for example, 1016.0.0, the version of Spring Boot must be compatible or equal to version 2.5.4.

##### When using the SDK endpoints /env, /configprops, or /quartz I get return values masked with "******" {#when-using-the-sdk-endpoints-env-configprops-or-quartz-i-get-return-values-masked}

> This was introduced with Spring version 3. On how to configure or restore the previous behaviour, please refer to the [Spring Boot documentation](https://docs.spring.io/spring-boot/docs/3.2.2/reference/html/actuator.html#actuator.endpoints.sanitization).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The behavior changed with the update to Spring Boot version 3 in the MS SDK. To configure or restore the previous behavior, please refer to the[Spring Boot documentation](https://docs.spring.io/spring-boot/docs/3.2.2/reference/html/actuator.html#actuator.endpoints.sanitization).
```

> This was introduced with Spring version 3. On how to configure or restore the previous behaviour, please refer to the [Spring Boot documentation](https://docs.spring.io/spring-boot/docs/3.2.2/reference/html/actuator.html#actuator.endpoints.sanitization).

Reviewer 2: I would use "Spring boot 3.2" instead of Spring 3

Author: changed to 3.2

> The behavior changed with the update to Spring Boot version 3.2 in the MS SDK. To configure or restore the previous behavior, please refer to the[Spring Boot documentation](https://docs.spring.io/spring-boot/docs/3.2.2/reference/html/actuator.html#actuator.endpoints.sanitization).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
This behavior changed with the update to Spring Boot version 3.2 in the Microservice SDK. To configure or restore the previous behavior, refer to the [Spring Boot documentation](https://docs.spring.io/spring-boot/docs/3.2.2/reference/html/actuator.html#actuator.endpoints.sanitization).
```

> ##### Endpoints with a trailng slash like /some/greeting/ are not accepted any more {#endpoints-with-a-trailng-slash-like-some-greeting-are-not-accepted-any-more}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
##### Endpoints with a trailing slash like /some/greeting/ are not accepted any more {#endpoints-with-a-trailng-slash-like-some-greeting-are-not-accepted-any-more}
```

> ##### Endpoints with a trailing slash like /some/greeting/ are not accepted any more {#endpoints-with-a-trailng-slash-like-some-greeting-are-not-accepted-any-more}

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
##### Endpoints with a trailing slash like /some/greeting/ are no longer accepted {#endpoints-with-a-trailng-slash-like-some-greeting-are-not-accepted-any-more}
```

> This was introduced with Spring version 3. On how to retain the previous behaviour, please refer to the [Spring Boot migration guide](https://github.com/spring-projects/spring-boot/wiki/Spring-Boot-3.0-Migration-Guide#web-application-changes).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The behavior changed with the update to Spring Boot version 3 in the MS SDK. To configure the previous behaviour, please refer to the [Spring Boot migration guide](https://github.com/spring-projects/spring-boot/wiki/Spring-Boot-3.0-Migration-Guide#web-application-changes).
```

> The behavior changed with the update to Spring Boot version 3.2 in the MS SDK. To configure the previous behaviour, please refer to the [Spring Boot migration guide](https://github.com/spring-projects/spring-boot/wiki/Spring-Boot-3.0-Migration-Guide#web-application-changes).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
This behavior changed with the update to Spring Boot version 3.2 in the Microservice SDK. To configure the previous behaviour, refer to the [Spring Boot Migration guide](https://github.com/spring-projects/spring-boot/wiki/Spring-Boot-3.0-Migration-Guide#web-application-changes).
```
